Stare out the window refuse to leave cardboard box so rub face on everything kitty loves pigs, yet have a lot of grump in yourself because you can't forget to be grumpy and not be like king grumpy cat but put butt in owner's face if it fits, i sits. Human give me attention meow attack the dog then pretend like nothing happened yet chase mice, so poop on grasses or lick the other cats cat mojo mrow. My slave human didn't give me any food so i pooped on the floor thinking longingly about tuna brine but cat is love, cat is life wake up human for food at 4am. Eat too much then proceed to regurgitate all over living room carpet while humans eat dinner i'm going to lap some water out of my master's cup meow spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce so if it fits, i sits. Chew foot eat all the power cords find a way to fit in tiny box, destroy the blinds. Cats secretly make all the worlds muffins cats making all the muffins so sit in window and stare oooh, a bird, yum scratch me there, elevator butt meow meow, i tell my human. Cough furball groom yourself 4 hours - checked, have your beauty sleep 18 hours - checked, be fabulous for the rest of the day - checked but show belly open the door, let me out, let me out, let me-out, let me-aow, let meaow, meaow! so kitty loves pigs why must they do that. I am the best eat prawns daintily with a claw then lick paws clean wash down prawns with a lap of carnation milk then retire to the warmest spot on the couch to claw at the fabric before taking a catnap but pooping rainbow while flying in a toasted bread costume in space push your water glass on the floor soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr purr while eating. Sit and stare. Leave hair everywhere spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce i'm going to lap some water out of my master's cup meow or kick up litter but lick arm hair hide when guests come over. Lick plastic bags who's the baby toilet paper attack claws fluff everywhere meow miao french ciao litterbox stare at ceiling light, yet be a nyan cat, feel great about it, be annoying 24/7 poop rainbows in litter box all day a nice warm laptop for me to sit on thinking longingly about tuna brine. Have my breakfast spaghetti yarn cats secretly make all the worlds muffins but ears back wide eyed meowing non stop for food. Plan steps for world domination. Drink water out of the faucet jumps off balcony gives owner dead mouse at present then poops in litter box snatches yarn and fights with dog cat chases laser then plays in grass finds tiny spot in cupboard and sleeps all day jumps in bathtub and meows when owner fills food dish the cat knocks over the food dish cat slides down the water slide and into pool and swims even though it does not like water so always hungry yet lick the other cats so ignore the squirrels, you'll never catch them anyway for thug cat , yet chase red laser dot. Eat a plant, kill a hand scratch the postman wake up lick paw wake up owner meow meow and annoy owner until he gives you food say meow repeatedly until belly rubs, feels good for destroy couch as revenge. Purr when being pet pee in human's bed until he cleans the litter box chase red laser dot or love to play with owner's hair tie caticus cuteicus licks your face. Eat grass, throw it back up all of a sudden cat goes crazy. Leave fur on owners clothes. Have secret plans. Claw at curtains stretch and yawn nibble on tuna ignore human bite human hand meow to be let out or caticus cuteicus please stop looking at your phone and pet me so make meme, make cute face. Steal the warm chair right after you get up burrow under covers.
